it's the smallest really Perla hates
them said it's so dry it's an edible
he said it's embarrassing yeah
ready dry are you cooking everything
yeah Carla are you cooking - Chili's
uh-huh I use it a microwave for
chimichanga for one minute before the
fries they taste really really pretty
good chicken chimichangas mm-hmm
Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy chimichanga it's dry
it's shards of dry chicken I know what
here's the thing honestly
chimichanga chimichanga in the bin was
Shane hola he hates the chimneys didn't
like them I face my part really wounded
flame not generally I'm frustrated at my
kitchen it's a bit of a punch to the gut
about my food steak burrito look at that
as gross has to be the biggest ad for
any diaper anywhere in California oh my
god Jesus that's like eating wet
cardboard have a taste 11 please
but do not the steak was gamy sounded
like a car wash moist and mushy oh my
god that is disgusting
let me taste the steak he says the steak
tastes like did you grill him fresh
steak for his burrito yeah then pull it
from here right
didn't we taste everything before we put
it out
it's really salty nobody tasted before
we did this
damnit when you have somebody commandant
we have some all of your food but that I
was proud of it hurts a little bit my
mom so sorry I'll hit this leg off
however just want something fresh after
a lunch of disgusting dishes Chef Ramsay
has quickly realized why this beautiful
restaurant is in an ugly situation come
round please thank you
so this is a burner
sadly the food was dried it's like
eating processed foods is the food today
the same that you serve when you have a
catering event yeah you'd be serving
that crap what do you do properly
because I've really loved my catering
it's completely two different monsters
it's not gonna work coming out of a
Cajun business trying to run a
restaurant that cost how much 1.5 1.5
million dollars yes oh my god and I'm a
350 in the hall right now on top of that
so you're in for just under 2 million
dollars god bless your grandmother but
she must be turning over in her grave
you